c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Principal.g.i.cs
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Principal.g.cs
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\LogoA.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogoA.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\SplashScreen.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\SplashScreenA.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogoA.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\0.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\1m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\2m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\3m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\4m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\5m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\6m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\h.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\img\m.png
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Ahorcado.exe
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Ahorcado.pdb
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\bin\Debug\Ahorcado.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Principal.xaml
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Ahorcado.exe
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\Ahorcado.pdb
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\víctor\Dropbox\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ahorcado\Ahorcado\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
